and well hello to all that's me
is this time you 're fine
for a great person and I'm with
a putt
is this a joke is this a fucking
joke am really really falling
with a bot
you promised not to get upset but
but damn but already already already already
but no we have to stop
bullshit
why me level 80 I already did a
last night 1 told me
that I will not repeat a blow of mouth
but I think I'm still going
you admit this video for you
show how much
I'm fed up I'm sick of why
because I fall with a bot level
129 that is useless that will us
hit us because it's a bug
texas and kong
damn or momentarily have to stop the
bullshit a kid what do I
do you want me to do
so wood you do not even know the worst
this is level 80 I fall on a
level 1901 animated the level 1900 bravo
but said I'll try this taf a
level 113 a level 124 a level on
France 2 is with me there are levels
116 and 129 my info 129 a fucking
boots and no no after a while
must stop
I do not condone this kind of shit
fuck saturday I do war hero
it's infamous it's anything
no but seriously how do you want us
play the game is unplayable the boots
are everywhere ban and does them a trick in
parceum boots in parcels en
coliseum ankama react shit
bravo bravo bravo bravo bravo bravo
bravo michel bravo what is said
what do we say we say thank you jaequi
but no but no no no fucking I
am saying yeah great i'm coming back from taff
I do it here I finished at 20:30 the floor
make her say I want them
make a video kane a first college
I find what is a fucking bugs
who is going to be used to anything that will strike us
we question that I do with those of
shit do we make people nuggets
to make nuggets are not where are you going
come back we're going to make nuggets
together if you want but I fight
the balls
no but I have not marc for decades
the cause of that i start of the game guys
super quiet superimposed super nice
but there no no or advanced unplayable the
game has become unplayable is really a
game is unplayable it's the right thing
logical and finally I know that it was
playable not unplayable
is what you have against I am
what I am no, but you are the ones
classes what do you want me to do
what nothing nothing I can absolutely
do nothing do nothing do anything nothing
make
in short, you understand that it is useless to
continue on this bullshit of
continue to narrate anything these
sails to asia but theron on my friend
even even he did not make me there
nothing he does nothing he does nothing fucking
shit
ankama react do a thing here I
take you to the police otherwise it's okay so
in the previous videos you have me
actually pointed out I did not
not put my melee because in
made to explain to you I bought them
and I could not master because there
I needed agility agility
blow I left me partial agility
101 and now I can put it
my clinch so that's it
perfect so in the final julien dray of
fisherman because it's still not
evil of strength a little power and
especially big ones try for peace
it's really not dingy after if I
could find a better I have
not spit on it but for
the moment this monkey is rather healthy scared
it's really anything in common
it is watching this video ankama know
that I hate or and all your family
since its not even striking
it's so nantes it's nimp that's it
what am I running this video now
it's useless I put it online
and is admired the total decay of the game
a game in which I was totally
crazy during during about ten
of years a game on which I spent
days and nights a game about
which I typed huge stockings
and that is what this is here
two mergers 2014
the coliseum boots that's all I
have enough